Lilliana Robinson: This is a a first time Techstar's workshop session. We've never had somebody come and speak in this way. I had the pleasure to see friends in my classroom a few weeks ago. I tell Bob Chicago, and when he kind of gave her story of the journey so far it was I? I totally not right away, I said. We gotta schedule Brett for the final week program.
Lilliana Robinson: because the the story I heard from him then is one that I don't think we've ever had at this point in tech starts, but it's I think you'll know what I'm talking about when you hear what he has to say but, Brent, it's good to see you. I hope you're gonna go fully on garnish pretty set size founders. They're in the final week. They got 2 days to Demo Day, so, in addition to your story, I would love you to give them some advice. I know you've met them before, but I'll just have everybody go from Brent.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Hey, everybody.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, Neil, how do you wanna get started here?
Lilliana Robinson: I want you to book the deck that you made. That's
Lilliana Robinson: and then I I don't think they heard. Do you remember this business?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Do an overview.
Lilliana Robinson: So you guys met rent for sending killer updates. Some of them are shaking their heads, they remember. But oh, they just said, oh, yeah, your hair is.
Lilliana Robinson: anyway, they couldn't.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I know I I gotta get it cut.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So why don't you remind me.
Brent Hasse - Flat: You gotta pull it up here
Brent Hasse - Flat: who you are.
Lilliana Robinson: When you went through techsoup, what does Flat do.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Alright. So Brent Hassey, CEO, and co-founder of flat. So what flat is is we're kind of rebranded here. So we're a Middleware data pipeline for property data.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So we're able to go and grab property data and make it under grab the unstructured property data structure in a way where it's helpful to the homeowner to help them flatten the cost curve of owning their home, but also valuable to the other B Twob. Partners like insurance mortgage and home service companies. We're able to use all that data and kind of with our data pipeline able to go and truly help
Brent Hasse - Flat: both sides of that marketplace. So people, you home owners use our platform to go and manage anything with their home. We identify what they need to do. They could actually book stuff through it. And then from the other side is we help mortgage companies? Find out people who'd be a good opportunity for a refi, some looking for a home. We help insurance companies go and identify risk, provide better user engagement.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and then from the home service side, enable to help with them with their user engagement as well as uncover previously unavailable info or work that they didn't, their customers even know they existed. So we went through techstars last year in Chicago. So I've been at this for about 2 years full time now my folk co-founder Cam, and I
Brent Hasse - Flat: I've been at it pretty much the same time. And we have really kind of shifted here from when we finish. Well, before we started techstars we were a in a home assessment. So we think about like an oil change for your house.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We would come to your home. We would do maintenance like, replace your smoke detector batteries and snake your drains, and then we would also collect all the data from your home. And then use that as a way to go and have the homeowner go and fly in that cost curve. However. Just through all the iteration of techstars. And then, since we've really learned homeowners don't care they wanna care they're not willing to pay for it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So who is going to pay for it? That's where the B. 2 P. Side came into play. And then, to
Brent Hasse - Flat: make us significantly more more scalable, we have been able to partner with people like Angie jiffy. Some of these home services companies actually complete the work. So we're not doing any of that. And then the way we get data now is we built out a model that grabs the data from a inspection report from when you bought your house, and we're able to get
Brent Hasse - Flat: majority of the information that we got from actually sending someone to the home just with that. So all these I wouldn't say pivots. Looking back, it feels like a massive pivot.
Brent Hasse - Flat: But these small little turns each month. That we took to kind of get to where we're at today and never felt like a massive pivot or anything. So that's where I went to Neil's class. To talk about.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know, product market fit which let me pull up here.
Brent Hasse - Flat: sorry one sec. Here. And really, it's you know, you could listen to this, you know, one of 2 ways, one of like, all right, like. Here's what Brent did. To try to help you figure out what you need to do, or you listen to what I did, and you don't do what I did and I'm teaching you all the mistakes I made. So then you guys don't need to make them
Lilliana Robinson: Because the spirit of this is like.
Lilliana Robinson: you know what it's like to go through Demo Day with a lot of expectations about fundraising and a lot of needs in your head about what you need. Capital wise. And then having those needs get, you know, slapped in the face basically by investors, and then having a Republican. That's the story, Arc, that I was hoping we could make sure that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Perfect. Okay? Yeah, then, I'm not. The the presentation was more about kind of the journey of the product market fit. But to kind of get to where we're at.
Lilliana Robinson: So he wants the deck brand. He has talked about the deck a lot.
Lilliana Robinson: I want to see it
Lilliana Robinson: alright.
Lilliana Robinson: And Brent. We've had a lot of founders say, like, I want to hear more alumni, and like what they went through, so that I can avoid those mistakes. So we have hyped up this session a lot because a lot of people want to know what to expect. So I appreciate.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, absolutely. So yeah. So still finding pro market fit, and when I gave this presentation.
Brent Hasse - Flat: maybe a month ago, maybe less than that, we've already found a new channel and working on a a like. Probably the largest contract we've ever had in a completely different channel than that we are even working on then, because it just kind of fell into our lap. And now we're evaluating it. So it's ever evolving as we go kind of talked about the original business model
Brent Hasse - Flat: direct to consumer. And this was pre-textars, but still getting into techstars and kind of where we were approaching it. When we got into techstars we were still had the same approach.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but distribution was through to B 2 B. But it was the same product. We were sending someone to a home.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We are collecting all the information here. We're doing the checkup.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know, providing a score, creating your to do list, and then you're able to book repairs, find people do the work, and then that's that's where the loop continues. So these are some
Brent Hasse - Flat: actual slides from my initial deck. Some of it. Pretexts are some of it kind of throughout. So you'll see here, too, of
Brent Hasse - Flat: the influence that my co-founder Cam has had on the business,
Brent Hasse - Flat: and and how everything looks here.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So kinda that's the business model again, direct to consumer. Really expensive. We went through this thinking, hey? You know, ton of customer discovery even throughout, you know. Pretext. Ours
Brent Hasse - Flat: people want this. Oh, my gosh, this makes so much sense. Yes, I've been waiting for this, and then you go to them. It's like, all right. We have it now. Time to pay.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Oh, well, you know now is not the right time. We've kind of learned that you know the natural human behavior, the very, very classic pain killer versus vitamin. This was absolutely a vitamin, and everyone in the home service industry was used to home warranties or insurance where I was like, all right, waste. So something breaks. You guys just fix it for me, huh? And we were. That's not we're doing so. There's a lot of customer education, too. In regards to kind of how we went about this.
Brent Hasse - Flat: This is the full list of everything that we have tried and failed at starting with real estate agents going all the way to elderly care, spent a couple of weeks on that but a lot of this. We came and circled back to for instance, you know the mortgage brokers. We tried that in the beginning, and it failed. Insurance. We tried that and it failed.
Brent Hasse - Flat: But as our product continued to evolve, and as we learned more about them, and we learned more about what we did better. We came back to them, and it started working the second time around. So it is really interesting now of of kind of looking through these, and this took me a while to go back and really think about all the places we tried and and filled, and a lot of all of these were filled attempts.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Now some of them are actually see home service companies. This was on here before, and we came back to a litter in the last several weeks to go, and you know, try it again. And it's it's, you know, early signs is, this might actually be working. So all these things just get ready to fail. It's I.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I don't also say that it's it just sucks you. Go through this and the self doubt you have is at an all time high. I I consider myself extremely self confident. Very confident. When I'm doing. I've got a a wife is. She's the reason why I'm able to do this. I've got 3 kids. We just moved from, you know, the city to the suburbs kind of dream scenario. Right, Bob, our family.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And it's like, All right. Well, I'm still doing the startup. We all know how much money we're all making here. We're we're rolling in the dough right now. All of us is early stage founders, and it's so hard not to
Brent Hasse - Flat: have that self doubt. It's like, Oh, my gosh! Is this working? And someone in the class? That you know when I was with Neil, you know, asked me. It's like, How how did you keep going? And I I didn't have an answer really caught me off guard, because there's those times where you're what you know. Hey? I just need to take a step out and walk around
Brent Hasse - Flat: like man. I'm gonna have to find a job I'm gonna have to make, you know. Go back to Linkedin and find the people I'm gonna have to find a real job like this is kinda done. I thought flat was gonna be done a handful of times. Because you get off those calls of you. Something you thought for sure was gonna come in. And then it didn't
Brent Hasse - Flat: and I'd say the network the people that you all are sitting with right now has been huge. I still talk with a lot of the mentors. I have a
Brent Hasse - Flat: quarterly session with one of our eirs, one of our other eirs actually invested in us and talk with her on probably a monthly basis. I was subleasing space from a mentor from techstars, and I talked to her on a weekly monthly basis. So it's those kind of relationships and just kinda help you get through it. And it's not getting through. It's just getting you to that next good news. This kind of keep pushing through that. So
Lilliana Robinson: So, Brent, wait. I want you to go back.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, this is, I really, wanna spend a little bit more time on this slide, because
Lilliana Robinson: I I actually mentioned what your class did to this group recently. I'm curious to ask the original question first, and then I'll ask Brent.
Lilliana Robinson: Did anyone form like a sales group where you all were doing sales together like I suggested a few weeks ago.
Lilliana Robinson: No, but you like the idea. Right? Okay. So, Brent, can you tell me about the group that you all formed during Techstar, Chicago.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, it was myself, James. I'm trying to go as a part of it. 80 people kind of came came.
Lilliana Robinson: Memory, it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Kelly Yup, Kelly Kelly, for sure. I say, that was the kind of the core team and some of it was oh, Mike Pena with tactically. Some of it was just
Brent Hasse - Flat: helping you get off the ground and make those phone calls.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It is an all time high anxiety all time high. It sucks. I did sales corporate wise for 10 years. Management, corporate wise 10 years
Brent Hasse - Flat: go into networking events. Even when I knew 90% of the people. Just my natural behavior is like I. I don't wanna do this, but you go and you do it. Everything's fine. It's something you have to do, and that's kind of what Sales calls where I've done on my entire life. I still don't enjoy doing them, but you learn so much with that so we'd get together, and some of it was self accountability. Some of it was just allowing for
Brent Hasse - Flat: unbiased third party to listen and give feedback. And it's it's kind of funny. The first time I did it with James
Brent Hasse - Flat: Random. First person I call
Brent Hasse - Flat: is a large turned out to be a very large mortgage broker here in Chicago. She answers a phone
Brent Hasse - Flat: and she goes, oh, my God! I've been waiting for this! Let's set up another call. And he was just sitting there like, wait! What the hell was that like this? That was your first call, like you've you've got something here. Turns out if you still never signed distribution channel didn't work, but it helps you to have that kind of support system through that. So we would just really sit there. It takes 30 min to kind of go through and just get you going. It forces you to do it like, I said, good self accountability for both sides.
Tomiwa E: It's not fun.
Tomiwa E: Organ.
Lilliana Robinson: And and Brandon. How did you identify all of these different channels to sell to? Because I think there's a lot of people in the room where this question comes up, where they're not sure where to go or how to come up with creative ideas, on what channels they should be selling to and through.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd consider myself one of the least creative people in
Brent Hasse - Flat: the world. I. The idea for flat came from me, working in the elevator industry and seeing how people take proactive care of their, you know, elevators and their commercial properties. And then I'm a landlord. So then, my properties, that's kind of how I built it. It's not like I created this so all of these ideas either came from other mentors
Brent Hasse - Flat: came through looking at other business models that worked trying to find those similarities. I'm a big believer, and there's very few original thoughts. I'm not the smartest person someone else has thought of something and tried it. And maybe it's work. Maybe it hasn't. Or maybe it's an adjacent space, and you're able just to grab that and test it and use it. But each one of these opens up the door to the next one.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'm trying to some so like mortgages. All of a sudden our mortgages open the door to oh, there's something called the reverse mortgage, as we spent more time in that in a reverse mortgage is when a old couple who is owned their home, and a fully paid it off
Brent Hasse - Flat: is able to go to a bank and say, Hey, I'll sell my home to you, Bank, but you need to pay me money each month, so I can live off of it. So we thought that was a phenomenal idea, because the bank owns this asset and they don't live. The bank doesn't live there. They work. They're waiting for these other people to maintain it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: who are elderly, elderly, and cannot do it. But then we, through customer discovery and kept talking through with the reverse. Mortgage companies, turns out all of those mortgages are underwritten and fully backed by the Us. Government. So if that home is completely dilapidated, it doesn't matter. They're getting X dollars from it, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: we learned to stop that and and go to the next one but so much of it is just talking with customers, and then talking to more mentors and founders. And like I said, the fact that we got here, and looking at all of these still shocks me. Because I I don't consider myself a super creative person. But you just keep
Brent Hasse - Flat: throwing stuff. Not ran at random, but you're able to go and test it, and just continually look around and see what's there for you to use.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Brent, there's a pattern here, though, because in addition to this slide, I don't think you have a slide for this, but you have a very similar journey when you were trying to fundraise, which I never.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Every time.
Lilliana Robinson: But like same level of persistence on the sales front for your getting customers, you apply a similar level of like intention
Lilliana Robinson: when you were trying to get capital because you ended up like not raising the ground that you wanted initially right?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, yeah, so to to jump into that. So how to text ours. So pre text ours? Yeah, full transparency here
Brent Hasse - Flat: think we raised. It was under 200 call like 1, 75, enough for for me, my co-founder hired on an Ops person. To be able to come on and start doing some work. We we did take the full text, ours money. We thought we had enough. And the plan will say, we're gonna have to raise money immediately, probably after tech stars, anyways.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And we, of course, are gonna hit. These traction marks, you know, we might as well, just, you know. Hold on to that and raise after tech stars.
Brent Hasse - Flat: kind of through techstars. Thought we'd be getting way more traction, you know. Be ha! Customers signing up left and right, which, if we had a different distribution channel, I think they would have been. But where we were at it just wasn't wasn't happening. And that's we're continually uncovering it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: But throughout that, and really, with a couple of weeks ago in text ours, we kinda uncovered some of this to a certain extent of the B to B to C model, and then went through, you know, Demo Day with the ask to raise we had our Eir, you know, on board for a small check. We had another mentor throughout Texas who was in for a check.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We had, you know, a handful of them. So let's say alright. You know what we're gonna raise, like, you know, half a million. We had 1 50 committed already, and like, alright, this is like, you know, text our demo day. Let's go through. Say, Hey, we're raising. Or if you wanna be a customer, we just needed money, whether it's from a customer or fundraise, or however we wanted to do it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Then spent some time after text, ours probably a month to go and try to finish out that raise, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: very confident again, we already have 150 committed. We're just gonna have to raise a little bit more.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I didn't want to go the Angel route. You know how, man, you have to write all these small checks. I'd rather just get, you know, a 2 50 check, or you know, one fit something along those lines thought that was a way to go for me. Whether it was easier whether that means, you know, this person could actually help me more cause they had, you know, more at stake. Looking back, I definitely would have
Brent Hasse - Flat: gone that other route. Not a great fundraise environment then, still isn't. Now, it's not a crutch. I think it's just reality of kind of where we're at in the environment. So yeah, within a month we go through and we still have. You know, we had a hundred 50 committed.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We were down to 75 committed
Brent Hasse - Flat: because 50 of it backed out, due to some personal stuff that they had going on. Another 25 said, Hey, you know, once you get to this amount. Let me know. And all the
Brent Hasse - Flat: quote early stage. Vcs, like, Alright, yeah. You know, when you have like, half a million revenue. And and just. It's just everything shifts a little bit, and we didn't fit into a pretty little box of the Vc. Landscape, and I say that where we were only raising a half a million because we have a very low burn. We didn't need to raise a lot. We didn't want to raise a lot just to raise. We wanted to put the money to good use. So we had a product.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We had probably 60 70 k of AR. So not a ton, but something
Brent Hasse - Flat: But we were raising what most investors in the early stage Vc world were thinking was a pre seed investment size. So we weren't in that, and ran, and I was continually get this feedback. And I, as people said, no, I would continue, just follow up with them, and really try to find out why and when they're saying, Oh, you're too early.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It wasn't too early from a customer, from a traction, from a product side.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It was the fact that we weren't raising enough money. So then, on a whim, I'm like, all right, switch around the model.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It all works out. We're raising 1, 2. Now.
Brent Hasse - Flat: it was amazing how we went from having about a 25% opt in rate for meeting 2 to like a 75% opt in rate, same pitch, same everything. But we just fit this little mold and box that they had
Lilliana Robinson: Everybody heard what you just said correctly, and I want to make sure everybody hears it. You went from a 25 option rate to a 75 option rate.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, simply by changing how much we are raising.
Lilliana Robinson: Phone.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So it sounds fun sounds. Chloe actually was was working with us at the time. Was going through. And you know, helping coordinate meetings, and and and go through all that with us.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And the meetings were having and and I met with another.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Vcr! My gosh! I'm blinking our name Wrigley. A a Chicago techstars mentor who was able to to go through and kind of gave me a crash, course of like, hey, here's how we're gonna fundraise. Kinda put it into these buckets where you're gonna spend 2 weeks. It's
Brent Hasse - Flat: truly 80 HA week diligency. And you're you're finding them using someone else's list. I'll also tell you this again. I don't wanna recreate the wheel. So I'm like, all right, there's a prop tech company like a year ago. Like, let me just get his list turns out things change so frequently, so quickly. People move jobs. And then you don't know who these Vcs are, so I would just grab his list, and I use that as like my short list.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I ended up just scrapping. It's kind of like a financial model. Where if you get it from someone else, you think you're you know, it's gonna make life easier. It just doesn't work. You have to do it by yourself, and it takes so much time to actually go and research these people and find out who should talk to and find the warm intros and then, anyway, so went through. This process. Probably had 60 to
Brent Hasse - Flat: I I'd say all in all, even one preset probably had 80 meetings. But in the quite a seed stage that we changed to, probably in the 50 60 range. So it's a lot of rejection. And it turns out you know the operating system for your home.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I don't know. There's been about
Brent Hasse - Flat: 20,000 of these companies that have tried and failed over the years. So all the prop tech companies, it doesn't matter. They just weren't investing. So then we had to kind of pivot and find some different
Brent Hasse - Flat: different channels, more more general funds or more insurance focus funds, and actually had the round over subscribed committed, you know. Got on a phone call with this insure tech fund on the spots like I. If you guys are willing, we'd be willing to put in a million. We don't want to push out any other investors. But we're we're willing to do that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And it's like, All right. Great. You know, we're on board. It goes. Okay. Let's you know. Let's set up some time, you know. Later this week set up these, follow up meetings, be able to go through everything.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and
Brent Hasse - Flat: what we kind of took away from that is, I definitely took the foot off the gas, and it's like, Hey, we leverage that, though, to get continually more people to go and and you know, opt into the round, which was extremely helpful. And then I became less desperate because we had someone who was committed.
Brent Hasse - Flat: they within 3 weeks, though, and it's not even like our financials or idea, or the team or anything. They simply thought that they would be able to make these introductions to insurance companies for us, and just immediately
Brent Hasse - Flat: quadruple 10 x our business like overnight. So as they started doing that, they learned, like, you know, what this this isn't as quick or easy as we thought this was gonna be. So they pulled out
Brent Hasse - Flat: $200,000 legitimately ghosted me like. Had like, had the document out to them to sign, had a meeting set up to go and have drinks with them in a couple of days, and like ghost like we're gonna have a call. Get assigned. Get the wire information to go get drinks like ghost it ghosted ghosted 0 to this a day. Have not heard from these people. So then all of a sudden.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, got it. I I remember, Brett, you were messaging me about this when it was going down like, How are you navigating this when it was happening.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Talking to people. I don't know what I'm doing the self doubt again all time. High. Did I do something wrong? Did I go through that. And the more founders I talk to
Brent Hasse - Flat: just like, yeah, of course. And you're gonna continue to get that. And if, as you continue to become more successful. You're going to get, you know, acquisition offers, and guess what? They don't need anything. So it's just talking with founders and I I wish I'd be able to kind of go back in my mindset. You just kinda kept
Brent Hasse - Flat: kept pushing. I mean, I had to. There's no option to fail. So
Brent Hasse - Flat: realize at that point we were not raising this full one to round which was, gonna Be 2 years of, you know, a semi legitimate salary, very secure in the business. Not a doubt in my mind. Be cash flow. Be able to cash reposit by the end of that, if we wanted to. And had to really stop it. Stop what we are doing, and find a way to see what we had to do to not die. At that point. We're probably under
Brent Hasse - Flat: 20, grand in the bank. We still have a small team, so not a lot of of you know, Capex going out but as we're going through all this, we really reshifted. We like over Operations manager, who was a first person I hired
Brent Hasse - Flat: and cause we are getting rid of the legacy product. And really, you know, Cam and I stopped taking salary for about 8 months. We're switching off now, doing it and just trying to stretch of kind of where we were at, and we decided we how much money we really thought we'd be able to close from a sales side and grow with customer money, which.
Brent Hasse - Flat: again, is basically what
Brent Hasse - Flat: Neil and a bunch of other founders like. That's what you're able to do. If you could do that, and you don't need money, you control your own destiny. So whether I thought it was an easy button to press, to go and raise money, whether I thought it was
Brent Hasse - Flat: an eagle thing of being able to try to raise money and just have a little more security than just relying on customers to be able to do it. It's kind of where we're at, and we ended up, you know, pulling in, you know.
Brent Hasse - Flat: tooth and.
Lilliana Robinson: Brand!
Brent Hasse - Flat: Truly fighting.
Lilliana Robinson: Make sure I heard everything properly. It sounds like you were on the cusp of of raising over 1.2 million. You had at least a million committed for one investor. Potentially.
Lilliana Robinson: That ended up falling through.
Lilliana Robinson: And you realize that you got 20 K. Left in the bank. I don't know how many more months you had of runway given your current burn. But you had to make a lot of really tough decisions, including letting a founding team member go in order to move forward and keep the business alive. Do I have that right?
Brent Hasse - Flat: You got it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so how did you overcome
Lilliana Robinson: the mental like strain of that situation? Because it's not just a math problem. It's also probably
Lilliana Robinson: a self confidence thing. It's also like, you know, like, you probably question whether you should keep the business a lot.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Absolutely, I I'd say, more less of a financial and more via the the personal side.
Brent Hasse - Flat: just failure wasn't an option really at that stage and true belief in what we were doing.
Brent Hasse - Flat: like really seeing where we were at the conversations we were having with some of these large contracts from the insurance side, the traction. We started picking up the product kind of these new ways. We are gonna be able to attract customers like we knew we really felt this thing was still gonna work
Brent Hasse - Flat: and didn't want it to die. If if we lost conviction of what we were doing then we would have just wandered down, and that was it. But the true conviction and the product and kind of our our team that was building it. Really helped push us along, and from my end I I don't know. Looking back. It's like, Oh, man, you're able to be pretty strong in that that. But in the moment not a chance just really thought it was done. Thought I was gonna go back to corporate. You know. Figure it out and and go from there, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: just the Perseverance, and being able just to continue to go and push. I I can't really speak to anything outside of that like that's it. Just a blind sense of that. We need to make this happen. And if we're not, we're not gonna go out like this
Brent Hasse - Flat: with everything we had on the horizon that we really felt and are still pushing it, pushing right now. I just we couldn't let it die but talking. I talked to a ton of founders, too, talked to some founders who wound down their company, some who failed in, you know, fantastic fashion, and a common thing. There
Brent Hasse - Flat: we lost. We lost confidence. There was a techsar's company in the prop tech space 2 years before me. Really did a great job of kind of talking me through their fundraise and going through all of that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And I asked why they were winding it down. It's like just I lost conviction of what we were doing. So if I can't believe it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: then why, why would anybody else? So I think that really is the biggest thing is truly believing. Something like this needs to exist. And and some of the traction points that we are seeing we just couldn't couldn't have it die. And
Brent Hasse - Flat: the other thing you could do here is 2 things you can. You know you have to be doing something that you know you're not.
Brent Hasse - Flat: You can't run out of money, so either you gotta make a sale or you gotta raise some money. And those are the only 2 options. So I had a post a note. Another founder here in Chicago told me. Those he goes, hey? The only 2 ways out. Your start doesn't die. Is
Brent Hasse - Flat: you are raising money, or you're selling cause you need dollars at the end of the day. So what are you doing today to go and do those 2 things. And we end up doing a hybrid had some contracts that were able to go and negotiate annual pay on, and then was able to get small Angel Group, and really to enough to kind of get by here, raised
Brent Hasse - Flat: about 200 and really put us in a really good spot right now to kind of again control our own destiny and be able to go through that. So ended up go kind of starting where
Brent Hasse - Flat: ended up where I didn't want to start with some of these smaller check sizes.
Lilliana Robinson: Hmm, Brent, I have a question. Do you regret kind of letting the fundraising game pressure you into about trying to raise more money than what you guys were comfortable with. I assume you were trying to go for 500 k. Cause you remember story and everything of.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, not wanting to dilute yourselves as founders by raising more than you need. So when you did, because the fundraising game wasn't playing out for you. Do you think that's what caused the the eventual turmoil? And do you regret doing that?
Brent Hasse - Flat: from a time side, and something like.
Lilliana Robinson: From 500 to 1.2.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, I I would say, I mean, we almost did it. And it it almost worked. I learned a lot. But yeah, be able to go back. You obviously know it's not gonna work. I without a doubt I wouldn't have done it. Of being able to to go through that. And, you know, get get caught up in in that game. And I could say right now, yeah, talking to even very successful founders with
Brent Hasse - Flat: very real cash flow bottom lines. It is very difficult to raise money. Right now in this, in in the environment, in the last year or so. So yeah, I I probably would have. But I was the exception. People told me that, too, is the same mentor. Someone coming on speaking to me at the demo day.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, okay, well, you couldn't raise. But I can. And this is kind of where we're at. So just gotta be able to keep keep pushing and and going through it. I mean, I learned
Brent Hasse - Flat: I don't know.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I can't even quantify how much I was able to learn in the fundraising process and
Brent Hasse - Flat: putting myself in a position, because through that fundraising process, though, I was able to meet a lot of people that have now started to go and truly help me with some of my growth side. So
Brent Hasse - Flat: it's hard to say. But I was able to go, and it's kinda like, I what can I get out of this if it's not money? Alright, the connection, the network. And everyone likes the idea. They like the team. They just don't believe that you're gonna be able to, not you won't be able to get it. Work the macro environment. It's just not gonna work but people are still willing to help you personally. And those are the people that you know. Eventually down the line would hopefully we'll be able to make an investment with us, as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, for sure. I I was asking, because I feel that a lot of these founders will face something similar, whether it's amount raising or there's just like whatever that one thing is that investors are saying, if you just change this about your raise.
Lilliana Robinson: we'll all be in, and it's like they promise all this stuff, and you really can't be at the whim of the market for the investors like I feel that this is such a good example of. No, you were. You knew what you wanted. You didn't want to raise all that. You had your model, so you chose 500 for a reason. But you know, the investor said that, and I've seen other companies for other things like, if you just change this one thing, we'll all be in, and you see it, it won't always play out. So listening to them, and and what they
Lilliana Robinson: promise or say is not always the best way to go about it so not I guess I don't know.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Totally agree with that. So what I would have changed is, I would have been going after different investors I would have saved with the 500 I would have been going after the family offices, smaller check sizes being able to go that route, then trying to go and grab those 250 K checks. So that definitely I would have changed on that. Yeah, I I would have. I was pitching to the wrong people.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Where I was at with that side.
Lilliana Robinson: And and Brent, I'd love to tell them the end of the story like how things are going now. I don't know if that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's do that or not, and then we can leave room for QA. Because I'm sure you've already what you said already probably built a bunch of questions. I see a lot of heads nodding. Yeah.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah. So it's kind of going through iterating. Just continue to go through
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, go back. Go back. I can explain that.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Alright so first started.
Lilliana Robinson: The opposite. I want to say, Okay.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Sam.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, thanks.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So this is, I mean the classic jobs to be done of, you know, experimenting, listening, and then iterating over time, and we started direct to consumer with friends and family. Then we rolled it out. You know, website had a couple of people sign up. Then we used real estate agents as a distribution channel. We're trying to go after insurance or really wasn't working. And then we turn chain from a direct consumer to a B to B to C play
Brent Hasse - Flat: then we tried landlords. Then we tried handymen. Then we're like, all right. What if we give away for free, and then try to convert those people. No one converted.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Alright! What if we try to do repairs and give it for free and Nope? No one converted there
Brent Hasse - Flat: and then? This the but, however.
Brent Hasse - Flat: this
Brent Hasse - Flat: right here friends and family
Brent Hasse - Flat: led to this was a loan officer from a friend of mine. It's a friend of mine's older sister's friend was his loan officer. She signed up for flat
Brent Hasse - Flat: just as a landlord, and then she loved it so much because I wanna give this to all my customers. I'm a mortgage broker, and I want to be able to give this to my customers. So then that's how we are able to like. Alright, there's some value here, so I would have never gotten to her without the direct consumer out and
Brent Hasse - Flat: listening to her, we created a home finance tab which I'll get into here of a different way for us to provide engagement by letting people know how much equity they have in their home, and started learning that side of it which we never would have been able to to get to without it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And then, as we.
Lilliana Robinson: Just real quick. I just wanna slow down for a second here, like what you have listed. Here are all forms of business model attempts that you make. So I I'm imagining you just like like charging through walls headfirst with each of these models to figure out which one work. How did you know to continue to iterate? When did you decide to switch one versus the other?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, I I I can't even say this is when we kind of stopped, because there's that classic meme of probably all over twitter where it's like the 2 guys digging a tunnel. One person is just dirt forever. The other one, like diamonds, are right there, and you never know that was a tough thing for me. I never knew like am I close or not.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know, like you, you do you? You know that deep, you know stomach feeling of this is good. This is working, or it's not. Am I selling myself on this and at the end of the day?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Is it bringing customers? Is it bringing in data? What's it doing? And it's kind of setting those Kpis to be able to go and s and stop going that route and then trying that new route. But again all of these
Brent Hasse - Flat: truly came from. I learned something in this first iteration that brought me to here that brought me to here. Whether how small or big it was. We're able to go through and and learn something and kind of start testing it on testing it. And then, if it's working, we've had a lot of false positives. So where, like the customer from the I cold called from the largest mortgage broker here in Chicago
Brent Hasse - Flat: loved what we were doing it, you know. So that got me false confidence like, Oh, my gosh! This is gonna work. It's it's not working. And we've kind of pull back on the broker out right now. So I'd say, just continually to to listen and and change and test. But there is not a I'd say. Just think that gut feeling you have, you know, if this is working or not. Are you lying to yourself or not. When you're typing in your investor update that this is gonna work
Brent Hasse - Flat: you you, you know, if it is or not.
Lilliana Robinson: Right great. So I'm asking. I I asked that because I talked to so many founders who have, like maybe 2 or 3 of these bullets, and then they're kind of they bring their head down like it's not working, nothing's working.
Lilliana Robinson: And I'm like, Well, how many other things are you trying.
Lilliana Robinson: So I'm really glad to see that you have so many examples of all these iterations.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And then from there again, realizing alright, we need some national coverage. So we net. It's all about networking, too. I had a random call with a random person who linked in me asking me about
Brent Hasse - Flat: my business. He didn't work at Angie at the time he ended up going to work over at Angie.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and then boom! We have a national Angie partnership. So people are able to actually book repairs through. You know, the flat relationship with Angie. So now we have national coverage which allowed us to go and have some of these meetings with insurance companies. And then the flat. IQ is the model that we built out to go and scrape the inspection reports. So this is kind of where we're at now. I should have had a Pdf. Of what we used to look like.
Brent Hasse - Flat: when we kind of had our Mvp product. But all this was just from cus talking to customers at the end of the day. What job are you doing? And what we thought we were doing was flattening the cost curve of owning your home, providing
Brent Hasse - Flat: an easy one stop shop for customers. But
Brent Hasse - Flat: we're an engagement company. That's really what we've learned. Do we have a 70% open rate, and about a 20% click through rate like which is insane from a marketing side. So we've really admitted. Like I, we're engagement there. Still, here is a peace of mind aspect as to why people click in and they do want to fly in the cost curve. They do want to protect the investment.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So that kind of drives up to the engagement piece. But we've really identified. We're a a back end data company which we still haven't really fine tuned. How? What? How? We're gonna monetize that data? But in the front end it's we're just an engagement company, and and a marketing kind of front for some of these companies. So that's able to sit back and think about really what we're doing
Brent Hasse - Flat: and how we were able to do it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And again, so this is kind of the the newer slides that we have. You could tell my co-founder came in
Brent Hasse - Flat: a new mantra of really what we are is that middleware solution?
Brent Hasse - Flat: One, app everything home. So he's able to come in and kind of show how we implement this this B twob, software now with with these existing customers. So I'll kind of pause here and felt like I went all over the place there a little bit. But we'll love to help answer any questions or go back to anything.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. Thank you. Brett. Any questions real quick.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Hip.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah. Richelle.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah. So you said you, you know, because it's like a gut feeling if something is working with the different business models. But how much time do you all want for each experiment that you're running until you see that success.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I? I asked that exact same question when I was sitting in that seat. And there there isn't, I'd say, a specific one. The reverse mortgage was, Loo was an afternoon. We were at. We are in tech stars. We went into a conference room. We cold called. I don't know. 20 brokers probably got a hold of 5 or 6, and then killed about the end of the day. So that was done. The real estate agent one
Brent Hasse - Flat: which is one of my first ones. I did. It's probably 10 months. I thought it made sense. I thought it was gonna work, and I believed in it. Until you really take a moment to think about this like. Alright, Brent, you tried to give it away. You tried to do all this. It's not working. It's not gonna work. So there isn't I?
Brent Hasse - Flat: There isn't a definitive answer to it. I will say you get better over time.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We were really picking up traction in this Sloan officer mortgage broker space, like actually onboarding tens of thousands of homeowners getting paid thousands of dollars in contracts.
Brent Hasse - Flat: It is dead now. No one in the mortgage industry is spending any money. Rates are not going down. So I have just you build more confidence over time, too, of killing it
Brent Hasse - Flat: and moving on. But, like I said, you, you come back to it. Don't lose track of that, because it was an idea for a reason. So just because you're killing it, for right now doesn't mean you're not gonna come back to it. So I'd say kill it sooner rather than later. And when it does pick up, which we still haven't found our perfect fit, because once you find that perfect fit, you're gonna feel it. You're not gonna you're gonna be working
Brent Hasse - Flat: 18 h days because you won't be able to keep up with demand. So until you hit that point. Just keep testing.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions for Brent. Yeah, this is about product. But is it still like active for consumers and and consumers to use.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So we've we've stopped it from the consumer end, because that kind of waters down the the B 2 B play. We still do have you know, some of the consumer side? We just open something up on our site where, if you give us your insurance providers information we'll give you access to it. So for us is more of a legion for the B 2 B side we've just learned direct consumer is extremely expensive.
Brent Hasse - Flat: We had a hard time monetizing customers once they're on the platform, we're showing that they use it. And we're getting data. But they're not necessarily booking something through, which is how we would monetize that that homeowner. So we need to find a different way to to monetize them. So that's where we've really stopped it, and
Brent Hasse - Flat: If we do provide a free, a charge to consumers, even if it was a different tier. Like, I said, we feel like it just would water down where we're at from the B 2 B side, because they're the ones actually paying us for right now.
Lilliana Robinson: It's time for 2 more questions.
Lilliana Robinson: David. Hey, David.
Lilliana Robinson: how do we communicate the experiments and the business changes, and, like
Lilliana Robinson: the stops and like, goes to advisors, and like the mentors, and like
Lilliana Robinson: people who you've already taken the best of the product.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Give me the front end of the question. I heard the I heard the the back end of it. What was the front end.
Lilliana Robinson: Like, how would you communicate these changes?
Lilliana Robinson: Got you? That's bye.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Full full transparency. I mean I I again, people have given me money. You know these are people, especially at this stage of people that whether I know or someone introduce me to who kind of here's where we're at. Here's what we're testing. Here's why I'm doing it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and I am extremely coachable. I am here to listen, and if you disagree with me, no one has disagreed with anything I've done and also, you know, they haven't given me. It's it's still their their money. But it's not like we're you know, I'm taking money from some massive fund. That's gonna direct what I'm gonna do. So I think, as you take more
Brent Hasse - Flat: Vc money at that changes but for right now in our stage, I'm the one that's in the business 24 HA day. So if they wanna disagree with me, they can. And I I am all here. I hope they have the answer but just communicating with me. Here's why it didn't work. Here's what I'm doing about it. And then here's how I'm learning from that experience to be able to go and inform my next decision. There.
Lilliana Robinson: Last question, Brian. Thanks for sharing so candidly. How does it feel controlling your destiny? Enough.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, it's I mean, it's get still scary. We're again. We we've got. We're okay. Burns, been down. We've got couple of contracts. Here we're we're able to get the I could just we're already there. I mean, it feels great. Break, even though. I had a
Brent Hasse - Flat: another founder. Tell me this like you know, when you're you're paying yourself so little as a founder. Getting to break even is like, hey? I was on a diet. But you just had a tape worm, whereas, like I, you gotta eventually be able to build this to like a sustainable business practice. But no, it feels it feels good to be able to go and go down this this route, but I think it feels that way because of
Brent Hasse - Flat: the people I've taken money from. Truly helping me, my my co-founder, I I there's not a chance I'd be here without cam and then yeah, just my kind of support system. Whether it's my wife, my family, friends, other founders.
Brent Hasse - Flat: no, it's it's it's great. But yeah, you still, I still have a self doubt. I was talking my wife last night about it. It's like a man. I don't know if this is gonna work, or we got a bad email from American family insurance like, Alright, how are you looking to be able to mend this? So you still have all that, and being able to do stuff like this and and talk through with you all does help validate myself here a little bit, too, of like, yeah print. You've we've been through a lot here like this is where flats that this is where it was, and here's
Brent Hasse - Flat: where we're at. So go back. Look at some of your investor updates from a year ago from earlier in the
Brent Hasse - Flat: cohort. And you're gonna kinda have that same feeling of man like we have. We've made so much progress here, and it's really unbelievable what you all have done when you go back and really look at it. So I say, give yourself some grace. And it's a it's a pretty cool thing what you're part of, and yeah, good luck for demo Day. And
Brent Hasse - Flat: it it feels big. I mean, it's, you know, important to a certain extent, but it's it's also you're just pitching your business that you've been working on forever, and you live and breathe so no one knows it better than you if you make a mistake.
Brent Hasse - Flat: No, no one knows. So that's the that's some advice I give to my friends. That we're getting married is if something doesn't go right the day of the wedding. Who cares? You're the only person who knew it, and I'd say the same thing for Demo Day. No one has any idea that something worked or didn't work, or you misspoke, or you made up a number maybe not make up a number, but misspoke a number it's
Brent Hasse - Flat: no one's gonna notice. So just yeah, just go for it. And yeah, enjoy.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. Thank you.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Alright. Good luck. Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: Calculated. Yeah, so that's it. But you'll see why, once we talk, friend.